let's prepare spring rolls
of prawns and vegetables ingredients
what we need is a cabbage room
or medium cab a obvious big area and
a small onion all cut in
juliana fine 30 grams of sprouts
Soybeans 300 prawns 2 tablespoons sauce
Free soybeans powder a teaspoon
of oyster sauce optional a little
of water oil and salt we also need
sheets of pasta brick or edge or paste
Special china for rolls and an egg
or better just the yolk to close
our rolls we started putting a
wok the fire with a splash of oil and
when it's hot, we'll add the
cabbage carrot and onion
we put a little salt so that
porsche better
we move
and as everything is a vegetable that is
pretty hard let's add the
bean sprouts
and we move it a little bit and add a
trickle of water so the vegetables will
soften a pinch without needing
have scalding it in boiling water
First
what is done in the
Chinese restaurants you see the water as the
let's let it boil until it
evaporate completely
so the vegetable will be al dente
neither too hard nor too soft
we add the soy sauce which
we also have to let it absorb
well but it will evaporate
we add the ginger
and the trick is that we have to leave
this vegetable is quite dry because
filling of the rolls always has
to be retinue so that we are not
moisten the mass in which
roll up and then break when frying
we remove the vegetables from the wok to a
side and we throw the gambetas we throw
a little salt and we're going to sauté them
on a high heat and quickly so that
we do too much
and still I have done in all the water then
the truth is that they are frozen
a little bit of oyster sauce only if the
we have but it is also not essential
and once we have it ready we remove
a little dish
Now let's start with our
rollitos we beat the egg that you
I remember it's better if it's a yolk
then the dough will stick better and like this
filling has been quite smooth what
let's strain first to remove the
excess water or moisture that may have
this time we are going to make the rolls with
sheets of brick dough so you can see that
they are just as beautiful and equal
good we take off the paper wafer
protector and we put a little bit of
filling near a very little edge
remember that this part is important
Well, if we got wet, it was
too much dough and we can not fry them
all right
we stop half roll the roll and
we put a little egg on the tips
we fold it to the center of the roll
and we paste
it is important that there is enough mass
always surrounding the filling as you can see
you think it's too much dough and little
filling and I tell you that if not then
You will have problems frying them when
we miss the last fold we throw
another little egg on the tip
and we wind up if we see that
it sticks very well you know it's the
bud to the best hit we help each other
with a little more and you see here the
difference from one mass to another both
they fit very well with these amounts that
We have given you will come around
about ten rolls now with a
fryer or a frying pan full of
oil let's go frying the
quickly because being cool alone
they will need a minute on each side
to brown remember that if we have
frozen first thing we can do
we will have to fry them on low heat
so that they are well browned on the outside but
do well inside we drain them in
Well absorbent kitchen paper and
that we overze freeze in a
tupper and ready we have our
spring rolls of rumbas and
vegetables that as you see are very
similar to the order of the restaurants
Chinese and I can even tell you that if
you follow the recipe well at face value
they will appear to you that are richer
still because they are delicious